# Rahul is Dead
### For a Better World
<br>
Sorry to be a disappointment to everyone. I am a failure. I have let everyone down. Never ever succeeded in life. Always was a disappointment. Never ever achieved anything in life. Always came second or below. Never ever got first. Never. Always was criticized by others. No one saw the good in me. No one. No matter how much I tried to keep everyone happy, they always used to make me sad. Always. I cared for everyone’s happiness but no one did for mine. Well, I guess that’s what you get for being a good, honest, loyal, caring person in the 21st century. I am sorry. I couldn’t coup up with the system. I known its my bad. I was killed I don’t know at least once every day. No one ever listened to me. Yeah, no one. No one respected me. Everything was just a mess. I just hoped that the next day will be better the next day will be better but no. Nothing changed. Every day everything changed for the worst. My dad used to tell me “Have faith and never lose hope. Everything will become good.” I tried to have faith and never ever lost hope. Maybe I had too much faith and too much hope for everything. So, I got nothing. Trusting everyone without any thought, even a little bit was my biggest mistake. In a pinch of salt, I lost everything. Nothing remained with me. Well, it was told in a movie “Tu nagna hi to aaya hai kya ghanta leke jayega”. Now I feel it’s totally true. In fact, I feel the converse is truer. When someone has lost everything, it’s their time to die. Well, if someone loses everything, its useless to live. There is absolutely no reason to live for that person. In this case, that person is me. Well, after I die what will happen? Absolutely nothing! Don’t believe it? See it for yourself people! Nothing has changed. Everything is going normally. No one gives a damn about me. NO ONE! Everyone saw me as an unwanted “Stuff” in their life. I was threatened, used, tortured, abused by everyone. Whenever I tried to make them understand, they just did it all again. Somewhere somehow, I feel like I failed to make even a single person happy. No matter what I do, everyone stayed sad or rather I should say everyone became even more sad when they were around me. Well I have found out that being nice in the 21st century is a crime, a felony. So I guess I am a criminal. The world hated me. No one got any love for me but all got huge expectation that I will serve them for life. Except 2-3 “Friends” all my other so called “friends” are temporary ones. Give them money-you get their friendship. No money-you lose their friendship. Honestly, I would not care about this IF they didn’t interfere in my daily life but they did! A lot! All of it is too much to take. No matter how hard I try make everything “Feel good”, nothing works! Each and every day it’s the same thing. Nothing got better. Nothing will get better. Got no real people in my life. All were fake cause if they would have been real-at least some of them, they wouldn’t have left me in my hard times. Everything is going downhill. I am basically good for nothing. Sorry to say but it’s true. I am not good at studies nor at socializing. I am really good at nothing and good for nothing.  What is the reason for me to live? Absolutely nothing! If I live, I get abused, used, tortured etc. If I don’t live, nothing like this ever happens! Also, I feel like people become extra sad around me. So, if I do not exist, people will be much happier! There were so many things sue to which I had to take a decision, a really hard decision of doing what I have done due to which people are reading this message. It was a really hard decision to make. I did weigh the pros and cons of my decision. Fortunately, pros outweighed the cons by a factor of 3. I was bound to fail at each and every step. No one ever supported me when I had my bad share of time. Everyone understood me wrong. Everyone saw me in a bad light. No matter how hard I tried to improve the situation, it simply did not improve. I have a lot of BTCs. Only the worthy one has the email and password to my BTC wallet in coinbase. I have 171BTCs. Best of luck! So, goodbye world, goodbye everyone and sorry to each and every one. Hope all of you will forgive me...
<br>
<br>
<br>
I was **a member of Cicada 3301.** I know it sounds absaurd but I WAS a member of it. I know publicly they stopped posting puzzles on 2014 but secretly they continued to publish puzzles till late 2018. I got selected in the year of 2017. On April of 2017, I solved all the steps of the puzzle and I emailed them, just like the last step told us to do. Then I waited. For days, for weeks and for months. Finally, in the month of November of 2017, I got an reply from Cicada. They told us a total of 6 of us were selected. Nobody knew our real names our our address. We used to communicate by a deep-web email service set up by Cicada only for its members. Our first assignment was to make a kill-switch for the upcoming projects so that in case one of us get killed, the part that he has worked on gets automatically released to the public media. We had 6 months. We completed the project in 2. Our next project was to find out a way to break the diffe-hellman, RSA and the SHA algorithm. We had indefinite time to complete it but Cicada posted an unofficial deadline of 1 year. We started working on the project immedaitely. It was July of 2018 when suddenly all the 6 of us recieved 50 BTCs in our BTC wallet. Soon an email followed. It read:
<br>
> You people have done a really good job desiging the kill switch. Me and Marcus are impressed. As a reward and motivation, we have 
> transferred 50 BTC to each one of you. Now don't get too greedy and keep working. Best of luck to all of you.
<br>
It was October of 2018. Me and Markrow had a huge breakthrough. We had successfully cracked SHA-1 algorithm under 15 mins using nothing more than a $100 Processor. It was a huge breakthrough. One of us informed Cicada. They rewarded us with 30 BTCs. On the first week of November, one of us cracked SHA-256. It was a huge breakthrough again. We again got 30 BTC as a reward. Fast-Forward to April 2019. 4 of us are dead or we are assuning they are dead because they have not responded since November of 2018. Luckily, we had their 2FA keys and their private key. We were shocked to know the reason of their death. They actually came really close to cracking the RSA algorithm that is used in encrypting communications between website and the web browser a user is using. Both of us got a bit tempted and started working on taking the project forward. Success rang the bell on 23 June 2019. Finally codebreakers were ahead of codemakers. We tried to crack the encryption anf find the private key of popular SSL certificate issuance authorities. Their encryption kneed down before us within 20 mins. We were overjoyed. But, one disturbing thought struck our mind. If someone with malicious intententions got their hands on our algo, it would surely mean there would be no way to keep anything safe on the internet. We had to stop this thing from happening. We decided to kill the kill-switch on algpo/program and encrypt it with something like an one-time pad equivalent in computer encryption as only this type of encryption is still immune to our algorithm. They key was selected from a book. It was essentially a combination of book cipher and one-time pad cipher.
